Our mutual friend,
Andrew Huan mentioned something offline to me about something involving
the, the mob. Oh yeah. <laugh> is there,
is there something you could share or is this, or,
or are people going to hurt if you share.
This it's it's far enough in the rear view mirror. I mean, <laugh>,
I was hired by this group in Sicily on, and this is,
you know, I was all of like 21 years old.
And to get a permit to work there,
you have to show that you have a competency that nobody else in Italy has mm-hmm
<affirmative>.
And that competency for Ona ol at the time was cheese expert <laugh>.
So it was like,
it was like stupid American girl being like going to the consulate.
So I already knew that it was like,
there was something wobbly about this organization, but, um,
I went to work for them.
And, um,
my boss from that time did end up in federal prison for corruption mm-hmm
<affirmative> um, many years later, um, embezzlement primarily,
but so I, I was definitely in an environment that was, um,
answering to multiple masters and that's nice way to put it.
It was, it was, I, I couldn't have asked for a better way to,
to kind of get with life and understand how things happen in the world though.
You know, of
learning as somebody who tends to be super direct and, um, not very subtle.
It was amazing to be in this world where like everybody communicates in multiple
levels. Like my we're going to lunch with my boss,
with somebody we're gonna do a business deal with. And by the, the,
they ordered a glass of wine.
And with that order communicated like disappointment. Yeah.
Because that the father,
the person who had made that wine had offended that other guys, yeah.
I like the, that level of stuff where like nothing happened directly. I'm like,
what are we talking about afterwards? I'm like, what happened at lunch?
It's like, oh, I just, you know, I told him this by ordering that, whatever,
you know, that kind of thing.
So understanding that there's different ways of communicating. Um,
but it was also, you know, it, it, it was interesting to see.
And I think I, you know,
it's kind of the struggle that I've lived again and again,
in my life life fundamentally,
what we were doing in that operation was there's a very traditional cheese
called the Ragano cheese in Southeast Sicily where I lived Raza. And, um,
it was about scaling that operation.
So it was European union money that my boss was also unfortunately using for
other things. But fundamentally, yeah,
it was to take that this type of very small scaled cheese, get them exported,
help them scale. And we did it and it was really challenging.
And I learned a lot about the safety issues and collaboration issues and
creating groups of farmers for scale. So it's kind of been doing the same thing.
<laugh> like, again and again. Um, but Sicily, it, it, you know,
it was also just the first place where I would regular really
forage for food. Yeah. You know,
like there I'd go to friends' houses and we'd like go out and pick
nets or go out and pick Wallace Bargo.
So every season there was stuff that you would be gathering.
And that was just part of how you lived mm-hmm <affirmative> and it was part of
your, your health. So that was,
that just learned a ton in that time about like simple eating and, and, and,
and, uh, really that healthy food,
the simpler it is the better, right?
Like this sort of sense that healthy food is' in a tiny package, granola bar,
lots of labels, lots of powders. It's like the more simple, essential,
closer the land can actually lead to optimal health.